README.md, before:

# 👋 Hello! I'm Diego

Technology passionate currently focused on **Cloud Computing & DevOps**, exploring the core tools that power modern infrastructure. Always learning and experimenting with cutting-edge technologies to build scalable and efficient systems.

## 🚀 Tech Stack & Interests

### **🌩️ Cloud & DevOps**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws" alt="AWS" title="AWS" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker" alt="Docker" title="Docker" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=terraform" alt="Terraform" title="Terraform" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=githubactions" alt="GitHub Actions" title="GitHub Actions" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux" alt="Linux" title="Linux" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash" alt="Bash" title="Bash" />
</p>

### **⚡ Backend Development**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python" alt="Python" title="Python" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" alt="Node.js" title="Node.js" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=flask" alt="Flask" title="Flask" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=express" alt="Express" title="Express" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres" alt="PostgreSQL" title="PostgreSQL" />
</p>

### **🎨 Frontend Development**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript" alt="JavaScript" title="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" alt="React" title="React" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" alt="HTML5" title="HTML5" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" alt="CSS3" title="CSS3" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tailwind" alt="Tailwind CSS" title="Tailwind CSS" />
</p>

🌐 Connect With Me
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/diego-castillo84"</p>

Commit message:

Enhance README with collaboration and suggestions section
Added a section for collaboration and suggestions.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hello! I'm Diego

Technology passionate currently focused on **Cloud Computing & DevOps**, exploring the core tools that power modern infrastructure. Always learning and experimenting with cutting-edge technologies to build scalable and efficient systems.

## 🚀 Tech Stack & Interests

### **🌩️ Cloud & DevOps**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=aws" alt="AWS" title="AWS" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker" alt="Docker" title="Docker" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=terraform" alt="Terraform" title="Terraform" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=githubactions" alt="GitHub Actions" title="GitHub Actions" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=linux" alt="Linux" title="Linux" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=bash" alt="Bash" title="Bash" />
</p>

### **⚡ Backend Development**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=python" alt="Python" title="Python" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=nodejs" alt="Node.js" title="Node.js" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=flask" alt="Flask" title="Flask" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=express" alt="Express" title="Express" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres" alt="PostgreSQL" title="PostgreSQL" />
</p>

### **🎨 Frontend Development**
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=javascript" alt="JavaScript" title="JavaScript" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" alt="React" title="React" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" alt="HTML5" title="HTML5" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" alt="CSS3" title="CSS3" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tailwind" alt="Tailwind CSS" title="Tailwind CSS" />
</p>

🌐 Connect With Me
www.linkedin.com/in/diego-castillo84

💡 Open to Suggestions!
I'm always looking to expand my knowledge and collaborate on interesting projects. Feel free to:

🔄 Suggest new technologies to learn

🤝 Collaborate on open source projects

💬 Discuss cloud architecture and DevOps best practices

🚀 Share learning resources and tutorials
